[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you another study with me and
this one isn't after-school edition so
here I was just going through the poem
the sonnet art and just making some
brief notes it was basically just my
thoughts on things and points that I
could possibly make if I were to use it
in an actual essay and then here
actually had some chemistry homework to
do which was to do some research on the
idea of experiment
[Music]
and then here I decided to write an
essay plan for religious studies and
this one was on business ethics
[Music]
so then I just made this mind map for
The Great Gatsby and I went and
photocopied my existing mind map so that
I would have copies of them so that I
could brainstorm themes for revision and
then I decided to write a timed
paragraph on predestination and I
actually massively overstepped the
timing on this I meant when he spent
five minutes on the paragraph that I
ended up writing two really chunky
paragraphs and so I actually went
through the same time of three times and
then I just quickly wrote up some points
from my Great Gatsby mind maps I just
went through and just made a note of the
main points that as that had come up for
each of the themes so that I would have
them all in one place
and it'll be really concise and then
lastly I just did some quick chemistry
revision on proton NMR because it's one
of the trickiest things for me in
chemistry and I also did some practice
questions but I didn't show myself doing
that here I was just watching a video
from the Khan Academy which is really
really great for understanding if you do
study chemistry so thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed and have a productive week